This is what I consider to be a fairly feature-filled home decor mod.  
It supplies a bunch of stuff found in most homes, like flower pots, home 
electronics, brass and wrought-iron tables, and lots more!

All items can be accessed either by crafting various other items 
together, or with the usual /give commands.  To get a list of the actual 
node names, just go into the homedecor/ folder and run the listnodes.sh 
Bash script.  Note that a few of the listed nodes are kinda useless by 
themselves (like the various parts of the folding doors).

All of the images used for the recipes in the forum post tracking this 
mod are included in the crafting-guide/ folder.

Most stuff can be made from materials found through a game world.  Some 
stuff can only be crafted by using materials from another mod (look for 
the orange highlights).  Currently, this mod can use materials from 
moreores, mesecons, wool, and unifieddyes if present. You can still use 
the usual /give commands to get the items that depend on these mods if 
you don't use them installed.

This mod is still a work-in-progress, but should be complete enough not 
to irritate anyone. :-) Namely, dressers still need to be fleshed out, 
many items can be used as fuel but the burn times need tuning, and I 
need to tune the cook time and fuel usage on the four smelted items.

This mod was put together using a recent git pull, and requires a 
build/pull dated June 17, 2012 or later.  Most stuff should work fine on 
older builds as well, but a few nodes in this mod require Nodebox 
support, a feature added to Minetest on that date.  It will NOT work 
with Minetest v0.3 (that version doesn't support mods).

Much of the code (especially for the doors) plus the bucket were taken 
from the files which come with Minetest and altered to suit.  Many 
thanks to Jeija for coming up with an elegant cylinder using nodeboxes; 
see his 'irregular' mods).  His code is used herein (you can guess where 
:-) ).

Dependencies: none (just the game's default stuff)

Recommends: buckets, flowers, unifieddyes, junglegrass, moreores, 
mesecons, wool

The distribution archive also supplies a copy of Ironzorg's Flowers mod 
and of my Unified Dyes mod, since this mod provides more stuff when 
those two are present.  You can remove these if you want - they're only 
needed if you want to craft the various dyed/colored items.
